Added 50/150 word boilerplate (#1235)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/marketing/boilerplate.md

## About FlowFuse - 50 Words

> FlowFuse allows manufacturers to build bespoke, flexible, and resilient applications that drive business value and transformation. FlowFuse and Node-RED provide a low-code platform that allows your engineers to quickly build applications that solve your business problems and also make it easy to adapt these applications in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowFuse empowers manufacturers to build bespoke, flexible, and resilient applications that drive business value and transformation. FlowFuse and Node-RED provide a low-code platform that allows your engineers to quickly build applications that solve your business problems and also make it easy to adapt these applications in the future.
```

Two times we use 'allow', I think this is slightly better.

## About FlowFuse - 150 Words

FlowFuse is an open-core company investing in Node-RED. Nick O’Leary, co-creator of Node-RED is FlowFuse co-founder and CTO. 

Node-RED is an open-source low-code programming tool, allowing developers to quickly and easily connect IoT devices, APIs, and online services by creating flow-based applications. It uses a drag-and-drop interface to wire together nodes, which can represent devices, APIs, or functions, to process data, and create powerful automations. 

> FlowFuse is the platform that allows manufacturing companies to build custom applications that fit their unique requirements. Off the shelf software doesn't work in the manufacturing industry. Each manufacturing operation is unique so you need a tool platform that allows your engineers to easily build custom applications that fit your unique requirements. FlowFuse and Node-RED combined together is the platform that allows manufacters to build bespoke, flexible and resilient applications that solve their business requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowFuse is the platform that empowers manufacturing companies to build custom applications that fit their unique requirements. Off the shelf software doesn't work in the manufacturing industry. Each manufacturing operation is unique so you need a tool platform that allows your engineers to easily build custom applications that fit your unique requirements. FlowFuse and Node-RED combined together is the platform that allows manufactures to build bespoke, flexible and resilient applications that solve their business requirements.
```

Reviewer: I cannot leave notes on lines that didn't change with a suggestion, so I think this should be ordered differently:

```
FlowFuse is the platform that allows manufacturing companies to build custom applications that fit their unique requirements. Off the shelf software doesn't work in the manufacturing industry. Each manufacturing operation is unique so you need a tool platform that allows your engineers to easily build custom applications that fit your unique requirements. FlowFuse and Node-RED combined together is the platform that allows manufacters to build bespoke, flexible and resilient applications that solve their business requirements.

FlowFuse is an open-core company investing in Node-RED. Nick O’Leary, co-creator of Node-RED is FlowFuse co-founder and CTO. 

Node-RED is an open-source low-code programming tool, allowing developers to quickly and easily connect IoT devices, APIs, and online services by creating flow-based applications. It uses a drag-and-drop interface to wire together nodes, which can represent devices, APIs, or functions, to process data, and create powerful applications.
```

## About FlowFuse - 50 Words

FlowFuse allows manufacturers to build bespoke, flexible, and resilient applications that drive business value and transformation.  FlowFuse and Node-RED provide a low-code tool that allows your engineers to quickly build applications that solve your business problems and also make it easy to change these applications in the future.

## About FlowFuse - 150 Words

FlowFuse is an open-core company investing in Node-RED. Nick O’Leary, co-creator of Node-RED is FlowFuse co-founder and CTO. 

Node-RED is an open-source low-code programming tool, allowing developers to quickly and easily connect IoT devices, APIs, and online services by creating flow-based applications. It uses a drag-and-drop interface to wire together nodes, which can represent devices, APIs, or functions, to process data, and create powerful automations. 

> Node-RED is very popular in the manufacturing industry for collecting factory data at the edge and transmitting it to a database or the cloud. Its visual programming environment makes it easy for non-traditional software developers to create custom applications that accelerate innovation on the factory floor.

Reviewer: I think this is too focused on the Node-RED, and not the combination of FF and NR, and blending their value. It doesn't tell the story of _why_ custom applications need to be build, and FF+NR is the _how_. The _what_ to build is for them to decide.

Author: I did an update. please take another look.

> FlowFuse and Node-RED makes it possible for manufacturing companies to build bespoke, flexible, and resilient applications that solve a business problem and drive forward transformation.

Reviewer: This should be the first line.

Author: I don't understand this comment. There is another PR that you started that change the first two sections.
